### General information

This is Edin Putzu's solution for the third assignment - a management system to handle partner universities and their
modules. Partner universities, as well as the modules, can be read, created, updated and deleted.

Both can also be sorted by their name, either ascending or descending, and the universities can also be filtered by any 
combination of name, semester and ects. The video can be found under https://youtu.be/CgRGV7zLyzI

# How to start the system

You can start the system by either right-clicking the ManagementApplication class, which is automatically generated by
Spring, or by using docker. The port used by the ManagementApplication class will be 8080.

### Set-up docker (specifically for IntelliJ, assuming Docker Desktop is downloaded)

First of all, docker needs to be running on your system, here tested with the application "Docker Desktop". For further
setup, please follow these steps:
1. Start the system with the ManagementApplication class: for the next step, the system needs to be running already,
which will be achieved by running the ManagementApplication class. This will start the system under port 8080.
2. Run the "mvn install" command: This command can be found in Maven's interface in IntelliJ (there should be an interface
in Eclipse too), and after successfully ran, it will generate a "target" folder. This folder contains a representation
of the current implementation of the management system, containing jar files required for docker to run.
3. Navigate to the root directory using the terminal: with "cd .." and "cd name_of_directory", you have to navigate to the
directory where the Dockerfile is located, which is the root directory.
4. Run docker's build command: Type this in the terminal: "docker build -t springapi ."
With this command you build a lightweight, executable software package - called docker image - to run the management
system with a docker. -t stands for tag, you give the generated docker image a name essentially, and the dot means to
build from the current position.
5. Run the docker: Type this command into the terminal: "docker run -p 8000:8080 springapi"
With this command, you run the docker. With -p, you port forward the port 8080 to any port of your choice (needs to not be
occupied), in this example 8000, and "springapi" is the name of the docker image.
6. Congratulations, you managed to set up and start docker! Now, you can reach the system under this following URL:
"localhost:8000/api/v1/partner-universities". Keep in mind, at localhost in the URL, you have to use the port you defined
when running docker, as explained in step 5.

# About the test cases

Ideally, you want to start the system with Spring's built-in class ManagementApplication for this, just to make things
easier. Otherwise, you have to change the Dispatcher URL in the client classes the whole time, to make it match the correct
port. With Spring's ManagementApplication, the port will always be 8080.

### How to run the tests

Pretty simple, first you have to navigate to the test classes in the folder structure, and then you can either decide
to run the whole class, that executes the various test cases in random orders, or you execute the tests manually, in an
order of your choice. After each test is run, the database will be reset to its point of initialization.

There are two test classes - one is testing the functionalities regarding the partner universities, and the other is
testing the functionalities regarding the modules.


